some small fixes (documentation/code) (#2205)
smallrye/smallrye-graphql: docs/namespaces-on-server-side.md

}
```

> And you can send such a GraphQL request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And you can send GraphQL request like
```

## Using @Name annotation (deprecated)
> [NOTE] This feature may be removed in the future.

> It does the same thing as `@Namespace`; the only difference is that there can only be one nesting level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It does the same thing as `@Namespace`, the only difference is that there can only be one nesting level.
```

```

There is currently no way around this problem. 

> You must move subscriptions into a separate class that is not placed within the namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must move subscriptions into a separate `@GraphQLApi` class that does not declare any namespace.
```
